there is a videotape
if you watch it
seven days later
[Music]
oh man we'll be one week from today
you heard about this video tape the one
where they do it on the boat and then in
the car and then in the bathtub
and he's like hey baby i love you and no
not that tape
three times the terror
a mysterious crop circle appeared in
local farmer tom logan's cornfield oh
come on you know those things are just a
hoax
call it women's intuition or espn or
both but i can tell when danger's near i
just
three times the suspense but if the
aliens could take over human bodies
to be any one of these people move
slowly toward the exit
all accepted it's happening i do it
you'll never take me alive
she's scrambling my brain i got a dream
what is your dream to have a dream
yo what do we think i don't know what
i'm doing here
this is totally pathetic
where is my daughter are you mad i am
your daughter
what did you do with shoes i didn't
touch her i swear i don't believe you
please because
she's a girl scary movie three
the killer videotape you've been hearing
about let's roll it again
[Music]
you